# PaperRenderer
Lightweight forward vulkan renderer. Takes advantage of modern graphics API features, such as draw indexed indirect count with compute shaders to process objects with multiple LODs into draw calls. Planned use of ray tracing to do almost all complicated lighting effects, such as shadows, reflections, and GI.

If you would like to use this renderer, just not that it's a work in progress and no consideration will be taken into the side effects of older versions on a new change and the whole api will likely change significantly over time, since this is technically incomplete. The whole project should be included as a source library (also I haven't bothered fixing the cmake file yet) if you still want to use it for whatever reason. Also, since this does use so many modern features, targeted hardware is any GPU that has ray tracing support, so nvidia GTX 1000 series and above, not sure for AMD though.

Rendering a model takes a few steps, with the first being to create an object from the class Model, specifying all appropriate information within the paremeters, which includes all LODs which will be used. LODs (levels of detail) act like individual sub-models which have their own unique meshes and materials (material creation and usage specified below). Within the LOD creation struct, a map is present with the uint32_t key being the material index, and the value being a vector for the different meshes with their vertex and index data associated with the material. After a "base model" is created, instances can be created from that base model, where the 2 unique parameters for an instance are the base model object, and a map with the uint32_t key being the material index, and the value being a pointer to the base material. If no material is to be desired, NULL is a valid value for the material, which will lead to the renderer using a default material, which is just white.

Materials can be specified by creating a class for the material and inheriting the material base class. Materials are not complete, so no more information is provided here (sorry, please wait until I finish my calc 2 class and I have time to waste again)

The overall goal for this renderer is mostly to try and create a good implementation for a modern renderer which uses compute shaders to replace almost all parallelizable CPU tasks, so a GPU driven approach, while also (but not yet implemented) using ray tracing effects without a poor implementaiton that makes performance suffer more than it should. On top of all of that, my own educational experience too.
